---
title: Developer meeting - February 2024
sidebar_label: February 2024
tags:
  - Developer meetings
sidebar_position: -02
---

## Details

16th February 2024 - Time 12:00PM UTC

[Meeting Recording](https://moodle.org/mod/bigbluebuttonbn/bbb_view.php?action=play&bn=1&rid=40&rtype=video)

## Agenda

1. 00:30 [Recent and future changes to the Task API and a short demo session](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Iz4Bvk7dlnlZ2P_Npmx1DDeKbBqGK_L10smX5G-1VAI/edit?usp=sharing) - [Huong Nguyen](https://moodle.org/user/profile.php?id=2351998) Moodle HQ
2. 20:15 [Recent developments in the quiz and question bank (link to presentation slides)](./_files/2024-02-Tim-presentation.pdf) - [Tim Hunt](https://moodle.org/user/profile.php?id=93821)

I need to apologise. When preparing my bit, I managed to forget about one key bit of development going on right now.
The Alpha team at Moodle HQ are currently adding the [Ordering question](https://moodle.org/plugins/qtype_ordering)
type to core, as the Moodle 4.4 [Moodle User Association](https://moodleassociation.org/) project. I added that to the
copy of my presentations slides uploaded here -- Tim.
