---
title: Developer meeting December 2018
sidebar_label: December 2018
tags:
  - Developer meetings
sidebar_position: -12
---

## Details

13:00 UTC on Thursday, 13 December 2018

[Meeting recording](https://moodle.zoom.us/recording/share/Mm04k8Xu2Lx1WsVxaRXJ4snW6WWbuuldBf9vYA0Wkx6wIumekTziMw)

[Meeting Minutes](https://devpad.moodle.org/p/MoodleDevCommunity-12-18)

[Meeting Discussion](https://moodle.org/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=378355)

## Agenda

1. Topic proposal: What are some upcoming UX changes in Moodle HQ roadmap?
1. Review 3.6 Development Release Notes: https://docs.moodle.org/dev/Moodle_3.6_release_notes#For_developers
1. New Favourites subsystem/API
1. *Ad-hoc tasks and what I learned about them just recently*
    - David Mudr√°k was recently debugging database performance issues at the moodle.org community site, which took him down the rabbit hole to a wonderful world of [ad-hoc tasks](/docs/apis/subsystems/task/) in Moodle. David would like to share what he learned about the internals of ad-hoc tasks processing.
    - Audience: system administrators, developers. [Link to the presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1mtDF101ZsJOnWXz6P-iqXlH0p7bkR24-5JWWpm-iTUo/edit?usp=sharing).
